You bastards
Don't come here, I'll kill you if you don't hit me
I'm not moving. Don't touch my sister
I didn't expect this rich man to stick to it
One day it will be pinched by me
How much will it cost?
You say I'll give it all to you.
Don't touch my sister
Money 50 million
Call my card right now
I'll give it to you.
I returned the money to you.
Let my sister go
Hey, I didn't expect it.
Do you really cherish your sister?
Ah, my hands and feet are very quick
Stop talking nonsense, the money has been given to you.
Let go of my sister
If you say let it go, let it go
You just hit my brother
Did you hit me in the face?
Brothers stand up
Now hit him a hundred times.
No retaliation
Tian Jiaming, you are crazy
You're going to kill people like this
Sister Gu Kuai, hurry up
I don't need your help.
OK, I'll call you back.
Hahaha brothers go on
No.
Hahahahaha
Hahahaha